In my car tire some noise was coming, so I gone service center all of them told noise was not came, it's was your illusion one engineer  came and he checked my car completely and he removed some problem in it. Then they repaired my car and give back to me.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Free Service / Discount	Roadside Assistance	
When, I was going to Bangalore car had a break down. so when I called them they came immediately and took the car. They also dropped me to bus stop as I wanted to go to Mysore. They repaired the break & also changed the heat motor. This experience was heart touching for me. 	 Roadside Assistance	 Personal Need	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
Last year my car met with an accident that time bonnet & glass were broken. At that time, I called service center they came to my place and they took over my car for servicing. They helped me in claiming the insurance. Actually they are providing good service.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
In my car tire some noise was coming, so I gone service center all of them told noise was not came, it's was your illusion one engineer  came and he checked my car completely and he removed some problem in it. Then they repaired my car and give back to me.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Free Service / Discount	Roadside Assistance	
When, I was going to Bangalore car had a break down. so when I called them they came immediately and took the car. They also dropped me to bus stop as I wanted to go to Mysore. They repaired the break & also changed the heat motor. This experience was heart touching for me. 	 Roadside Assistance	 Personal Need	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
Last year my car met with an accident that time bonnet & glass were broken. At that time, I called service center they came to my place and they took over my car for servicing. They helped me in claiming the insurance. Actually they are providing good service.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
When I purchased my new car, the staffs of Gargya Guwahati gave discount on cars accessories, For this I felt good. I got the accessories on discount. I communicated with the Toyotas sales officer and after that I talked to sales  manager. I felt good because their way of talking, behaving and their response is good. The name of the person with whom I had heart touching is Mr. Baiwong  and his designation is sales manager.   	 Free Service / Discount	 Personal Need	Free Service / Discount	Care from Staff	
One day, when I was driving. A staff member whose name is Vinit, he was in another car. He saw me and immediately called me. He was on a test drive and he wished me on a call, so this was my heart touching moment.	 Care from Staff	 Personal Need	Gift / Free Stuff	Care from Staff	
My car was met with an accident then I call on dealership to Deepak Sood. He ask me sir are you injured & told to leave your car there our staff person came & pick your car & will provide you other car to go your home. So he helped me a lot.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Pick up / Drop	Personal Need	
Whenever, we call in the sales office for any work, they give good suggestion. They help us and they provide us good service.	 Care from Staff	 Care from Staff	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
I was far from Bikaner. My car was stopped automatically, I tried to start but it was not starting. I spoke to head, he said you call to customer care, if the work is not done then give me 1 hour time, I will send them over there and from there, I will repair the car. They came within 1 hour and repaired my car. I liked it very much.	 Quick Service	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Pick up / Drop	
I did my last 2 service near Mahatma Gandhi Hospital but they deliver the car 2 days later. This time I did my car service at Mugapettai center they serviced my car within 4hrs.This us unexpected for me. I took appointment on hospital also but the delivered my car as per my requirements. This was an happy experience.	 Personal Need	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Detailed Explanation	
My car's wire was biten by mice. So I immediately called to dealership. They reached my spot within 10 min and serviced my car properly. This was a very good experience from the dealership.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Quick Service	
On 100 km distance my car was stop working then Toyota people help me properly.	 Roadside Assistance	 Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	
When I wanted to purchase the car by the 10 of month. I called the staff name Mr. Jayesh, he told me that if you will purchase the car before including GST  you will get benefit and it happened the same as he said. It was my good experience .	 Detailed Explanation	 Issue Resolution	Personal Need	Quick Service	
Once I was outside & my car stopped at 12 to 1.00pm & I call service center they give instruction on call & my car start.	 Issue Resolution	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Care from Staff	
Dealership had tire for children & painting instrument also was there. So children get busy in too that so we don't have any disturbance from there end. So I like it. 	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Snacks	Quick Service	
When we went to take car delivery so that time we forgot to take worship materials. So there is one madam who arranged all the materials for worship and also asked us if any thing we want so we can arrange it.  And they did not take any charges for it. 	 Personal Need	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Free Service / Discount	
When I go to Goa that time in Hubli center my car steering  was shaking then I called to Nandi Toyota service center & they are come to my place & quickly solved the my issue.	 Issue Resolution	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Quick Service	
When I went purchase the car they shown me the model of 2015 I was aware of the information and they them self give the discount Rs 1.75.	 Free Service / Discount	 Quick Service	Free Service / Discount	Others	
One day I am going away out of station, then on the way my car unexpected stopped, The road was empty. Then I called at service center, but it after office working time. Then I think any one not received my call, but one staff received my call and send the one technician and repaired my car between half an hour. 	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Quick Service	
The service manager from the center, he himself came and checked my car as soon as the service completed. I liked very much because the manager checked my car.	 Issue Resolution	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
Today in gandhidham there was a heavy rain so they asked me for lunch. The hotel was pretty nice they offered me food I liked a lot this was my heart-touching experience. Today I went there in afternoon, most of the time i visit there in morning but today i went there in afternoon so they offered me food they took me to good hotel. they took me to the hotel from there innova car.	 Snacks	 Snacks	Personal Need	Gift / Free Stuff	
When I gone there for car servicing it was lunch time, so I am going outside for lunch but they told me sir you seat here & they arranged lunch for me in service centre. This experience was heart touching for me.  	 Snacks	 Snacks	Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	
During the delivery time of vehicle they done worship of vehicle.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Care from Staff	
Once my car met with an accident, that time Mr. Rakesh from Wasan Toyota helped me at in morning at around 3 - 4 Am. After that they bought my car at dealership in Gujarat. I liked that very much.	 Pick up / Drop	 Quick Service	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
When I went to Buddha Toyota, it was going to close, then I gone there & show my car. It was very small problem but I thought it was very major problem. In it only fuse was damage, so for this I was very worried, then they checked my car & told it was very easy then they repaired my car. I thought my car was not repaired but they repaired my car. I liked their prompt service allot.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Quick Service	Personal Need	
I remember the moment when they came to brief on car purchase. As Toyota INNOVA is very costly car. If anyone purchasing the car with his huge money as everyone cannot afford to purchase that type of expensive car. Many have money but all have no experience. So that they could not understand. But as a customer like me its tough to understand me with any bluffing words. You can help me but you could not satisfy me with any bluffing briefing. But there is a person, she moulded me very well and I also agreed to purchase the car after talking with her, at the time of purchasing car. Her name is Mitali, she does customer management for giving service. That lady sits at reception still now. I also talked to her till now. But in upper of her have manager, AGM. So that she is helpless now. She helped me a lot then. I am very delightful, admire her kindness, I took car only because she convinced. But not got car because of her superior manager. Look, you must do the things whatever your senior tells you. But I am very grateful to her, still now she responds. I have no bad image for her. As she gave me words, she manages like this. But other departments do not help me like her. Whatever I asked to Mitali she helped me, she helped me a lot, also beyond his professional works. At the time of purchasing she was with me till 8-9 PM at night. She delivered me, she manages and gave me all accessories of car whatever needed for car. She helped me a lot. I cant say any wrong about her. I can say only she sits in reception , I cannot specify her designation. Last year December this HT Experience happened.	 Detailed Explanation	 Detailed Explanation	Personal Need	Free Service / Discount	
I want to give my car for servicing after that, we have to go  outside then they taken  me, if they didnt done like that so we have no problem but they did for me. it was very good feeling for me.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Issue Resolution	Snacks	
Onetime I visited there service center to pay the money with cheque. There manager told me to pay in cash. I request them I have to go 10 kilometer far away for cash. So they expect the cheque I like it.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Quick Service	
Once I taken  away my car at service center , but I went at too late , it was at 8 pm and it  was dealership closing time, but they are waiting for me and service executive ready to put my accounts and given the car for servicing , so I feel very happy. Hence It was my Heart touching experience.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Quick Service	Snacks	
My brother taken away my car & go to Konkan but suddenly there was problem in bonnet. They called DSK they give good response & guide them the time was 7 to 7:30pm. They gave me good solution because of that the car started.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
My experience while buying the car was very good. In other showrooms, they only give Garland and the car keys after buying the car but here my friends had come with me & they distributed sweets amongst my friends and even performed Pooja for my car. Actually we forgot to take sweets and we thought we'll buy it later but they gave it to us. We never knew they'd give us sweets and all. The treatment was very good.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Quick Service	Snacks	
There was wedding ceremony at my house, I was busy that time and I had to do car servicing on urgent basis. I called in service center, they came and took my car for servicing and after completing servicing, they dropped my car to my house. They helped me in my busy schedule. 	 Pick up / Drop	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
In my car some battery problem was there it was a Christmas time, so while going home battery problem happened at that time, they provided me spare battery and helped me. They told me within 24 hours, the battery work will be done but when I told them I have to go home, so by giving spare battery they helped me.	 Roadside Assistance	 Quick Service	Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	
Once my car met with an accident at that time, I was waiting in Arewadi. They came immediately to my place and provided service to me, they responded me very nicely. I felt happy about this. While driving the car, cow had came in middle because of that, accident happened, so they gave details about every thing to me.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Free Service / Discount	Care from Staff	
3 months ago, I was going somewhere so my car's wheel was punctured. I even did not  know how to do it and where is the jack of car, so I called the service centre and asked them where is the car jack, they helped me. After that I was not able to open that so there is manager he send the video with the help of video, I changed  the wheel as everything was mentioned in that video, I was worried but he helped a lot 	 Issue Resolution	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
They handovered the vehicle before their promise time, which I liked very much. There was a one person, I don't remember his name, he is very co-operative.	 Care from Staff	 Personal Need	Care from Staff	Issue Resolution	
Once my vehicle faced an accident, then I called to service center. They come and took my car. So that experience made me feel good.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Quick Service	
Some thieves had broken my car. They broke my cars mirror and antenna . Car was not starting, I called the toll free number. The team of Toyota came to receive my car. They came from the free service department of Toyota.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Free Service / Discount	
Once my car had an accident two years before and that day was Sunday. I called the company and they response well and from there they send a car at 9 pm and towed my car with them.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
I was going to Delhi and my car broke down at night. I called the manager of the service center, his house was nearby. He offered me his personal car, at that time, my wife was pregnant. I did not want to take any kind of risk but he helped me alot. 	 Care from Staff	 Personal Need	Care from Staff	Roadside Assistance	
I gave car for servicing and the time was up at that time, they gave me delivery of the car that too outside city. Service of Mr. Pankaj and Vishal Gohil is good.	 Others	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Care from Staff	
Last time, when I took the car for servicing at the time of parking another customer was saying me to move the car, so in that moving process my driver forgotten the company's Id in the car itself, it was a very important card, they kept that with them safely and gave me back later on, so I felt nice about it.	 Forgotten Stuff	 Personal Need	Gift / Free Stuff	Snacks	
Once my car battery was stopped and the Madurai dealership was 14 Kms far so I called to the dealership the person cut my call and said me to bring your car to service centre. There they checked my car for 10 mins and said to change the car battery and they changed the car battery immediately .This was not working I had no idea how to resolve it. Within 1 hrs they completed all the service and it was neat and clean.	 Quick Service	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Quick Service	
The person named Partha Pratim Majumder who was service assistance of there, maybe he is now also there as I did not see him at my last visit of dealership, his behaviour is very nice. Oh!! Sorry his name is Partha Pratim Panja, may be service advisor, sited at front counter, front office. Time to time he attended me in a nice way, we met 2-3 times. He attended me very well, otherwise there are nothing to do in other things. Partha Pratim Panja always tried as soon as possible to give me quick service whenever I visited, but may it took late in servicing time. In 1st and 2nd service it also took little bit more time. But at last visit the person who attend me he also worked good, tried to give quick service as soon as possible. Time to time he attended me. He did it. Partha also did the same. Partha also tried to give me quick service as soon as possible. He attended me very well. I have not face with any other things except the same. Another thing I want to share, that was also good, that I have to claim an insurance once. That insurance claim also gave fast service as soon as possible by Partha. Although he was not the concern person of the same as he sat at the front office. The insurance department maybe at 3rd or 5th floor as I also have to visited there but Partha attended me that way, he helped me that way. He took all responsibilities and completed the same. That happened on 2016, accident happened by a new driver then. As partha is not the concern person, he has nothing to do on it, he may be not attending me as insurance is very much different thing, the department is upper floor, different place. As Toyota has different office for everything, but their different office he put the claim, also insurance officer work in right way. He also served very well. As Partha is different department and where he sent me for insurance claim they also attended me very well. I am very satisfied with the insurance experience. 	 Others	 Issue Resolution	Personal Need	Quick Service	
Actually my pen drive was misplaced or forgotten in the car or somewhere else, while doing the servicing the staff had observed my pen drive, then the staff informed me regarding the pen drive.	 Forgotten Stuff	 Forgotten Stuff	Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	
After servicing, we were going back and suddenly car stopped working at 7pm. I called up the the service center and immediately within 15-20 minutes, they visited and fixed the issue. I felt very nice that, they came so quickly.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Gift / Free Stuff	
When, we drop our car for servicing & when coming back they drop us to our nearby place & they say that we will drop to the bus stop or to the nearby place which is very good of them. Our place is 30 to 40 km far so it is very good experience.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Pick Up / Drop	
When I go for the servicing of the car at that time, I had to change the wiper of the car but over there only one wiper was there. They fitted that one wiper at that time and said me to do the payment then after the wiper comes, they will come to my home and fit it, after the wiper came in the service center, they came to my home and fitted it. This was a heart touching experience.	 Personal Need	 Care from Staff	Detailed Explanation	Personal Need	
We had to go to Delhi that time, my car tyre nut was removed and I wanted to go urgently. I went at service centre and told them about car problem that time they did in 10-15 minutes. I thought it will take more time but they did immediately.   	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	
I visited for servicing at Lakozy Toyota and seated at the waiting room. The staff personally came to us and enquired about tea and he walked half the way, again he came back and said sir, would you like to have water first? so that was better feeling.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Snacks	Care from Staff	Issue Resolution	
At the time of car purchasing, they clicked pictures of car with me, so it was heart touching experience for me.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Personal Need	Gift / Free Stuff	Detailed Explanation	
In my car one part was missing, so this part is not available in service center that time, they told me take away our car. We will come in your car & fix it. They came on their own self putted part in my car. We had to give complaint & remind them.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Snacks	
My car head light is always on. I took my car to Lanson dealership, so they said dieters filler has been damaged, so on insurance claim they service my car. They said it will take 2 days to complete the service but the service within the time this was an unforgettable experience from Lanson dealership.	 Issue Resolution	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
I booked the car for servicing and the appointment time was 9:30am. I reached there on 9:25am, so they gave me a gift. The staff told me you came early, that?s why we offer you gift. 	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	
I took 2-3 times appointment for servicing my car at Anaamalai Coimbatore dealership but I cant able to go for service. Last time, I had some other work at Coimbatore, so I visited dealership without any appointment and directly went to service my car. The dealership people provided me quick service. The service advisor Mr. Santhosh helped me. This was an unforgettable experience from the dealership.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	
Once in my car cluch plate had stop working car was not taking pump my car was standing at one place only.ANd that day was weekend day it was hoilday.SHowroom and all was closed,I called them even after it was hoilday they picked my car and after that theybrouhgt their car and gave service to me.I felt good for it.Other wise we have to take the car to the station but they gave me service over there itself.I didn't know thta even on hoilday they give service by sending their car. 	 Personal Need	 Issue Resolution	Personal Need	Detailed Explanation	
I have given my car for servicing, so whenever they calls me, I have to visit the service centre. The manager of the service centre told me that, he will drop me and I wanted to go urgently for office work then left my car for servicing. They said there is no need to worry we will service your car and we will drop you.	 Pick up / Drop	 Pick up / Drop	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
 I had to take the car for servicing at 4.30 pm,  but as I had some work so it was late & I reached there by 7.30 pm. they said that you will not get the servicing done today. I was supposed to from Madurai to Arupakotai & it was not possible to come again on next day morning to pick the car after servicing. So I asked the receptionist & she gave me the number of the manager. I asked him for service to be done today so he told his staff to arrange for the service & I received the car on the same day with service done. This was a heart touching experience for me.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Issue Resolution	
There foot mats have very cheap quality. It was damaged within 1 year. Previous time when I gone there they told me company will not change it. They changed my car foot mats in their own money, so it was very good feeling for me I given a complaint in Uttam Toyota, Toyota people changed my car foot mats.	 Personal Need	 Issue Resolution	Gift / Free Stuff	Free Service / Discount	
Service center is far i.e 140 KM, I gone to pick up my car but that time it has technical issue which was not solved, then I asked for drop facility, they arranged me one car from their side and they dropped me.	 Pick up / Drop	 Pick up / Drop	Pick Up / Drop	Issue Resolution	
I wanted to go outside with my family and also I wanted to do the car servicing so service center people told me we will give you free service but they told me your car will get repaired in evening so they provide us their car. It was a good thing.	 Pick up / Drop	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Free Service / Discount	
Whenever I visit to dealership, they give me car before half & hour on committed time.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
Once we were going to Mumbai that time my car was stopped near showroom. My car tyre was punctured but I dont know their staff saw and quickly repaired. Their staff did within zero minute. We did not know that thing if they are not told us so after going away from the showroom the car would have stopped.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	
I am travelling to Mumbai. At Kalyan my car timing belt light was done I don't know in this regard. First time this happened. After that I called to Toyota staff person Mr. Dinesh. They told do not worry about this. You can travel 150-200km.I went there that I taken my car showroom they guide me properly.	 Detailed Explanation	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Detailed Explanation	
Once my car had stopped working on road because in the place of diesel, I had put petrol in it and with me my family was also there. I called to the service center, they came to my place and helped me. It was Sunday, there were on holiday still they came and helped. I felt nice even on Sunday they helped me.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Care from Staff	
After giving car for servicing DSK Thiraj staff droped me to Kolhapur because it was raining day.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Issue Resolution	
When, we brought the vehicle for servicing if it has any issue like breakshoe, so they intimated us as in future you will face problem due to this.They are sending cake  also on my birthday at my home.If I dropped my car in service center & not picked up from there so the person dropped my car at my home free of cost. If there were shortage of the money for bill payment so they ask me to pay it in next visit.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Issue Resolution	Free Service / Discount	Pick Up / Drop	
During my car delivery period I was very satisfied because they took my photos, inserted them in photo frames & gave them to me.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
Once I went for servicing of my car that time, I requested them that I am early, so can they give me car within one hour after servicing,  if they want I would sit there and wait but if possible please give me the car in 1 hour. They agreed and serviced my car within 1 hour. Completely this experience was really good for me.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
At Anaamalai Tirunelveli dealership once without any appointment, they serviced my car within 1hrs. I thought it will take more time to complete the service but they completed very fast. This was an unforgettable and a happy experience.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	
When I had purchased the car after 15 days in seat cover some problem had come. I called to the Sunny Toyota they told us to bring the car and they will check the car. When we reached over there in service center, we thought that they will repair that seat cover only but they totally changed the seat cover. They put new seat cover in the car. This experience was good to me. This experience was heart touching experience.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Detailed Explanation	Quick Service	
Once I had gone for servicing and it was raining, so one of the staff, who was working over there, dropped me until my car in his umbrella, so I felt nice about this.	 Care from Staff	 Personal Need	Care from Staff	Pick Up / Drop	
On the day before my last visit of servicing, the battery of my car was down and it was drained out. I urgently wanted to go out. I told them about my problem and they went out of the way and resolved my battery problem. They gave me service battery to use. Usually the battery work takes a long time but they did the battery replacement  in just 2 day and dropped the car back at my place.	 Personal Need	 Quick Service	Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	
Car was in waiting but we got it early at the time of giving the car key they click photos of my family so it was Heart touching experience of mine.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Issue Resolution	Free Service / Discount	
Once, my car was accident by driver side glass was damaged. I gave my car for service at 9.00 am & they said it will be delivered after 1 week but on evening I got a call from the center at 7.00 pm & They serviced my car thoroughly & delivered to me at 7.30 pm. I never thought that they will service the car quickly. All work was finished even they painted my car. On Sunday I had a work so they helped me on my required time.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	
Once in my car ac water came inside, then I had called in service center. They gave instructions and I did it accordingly and my problem was solved. That day there was holiday but they pick my call and help me.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Care from Staff	
Once I had to do servicing of my car. I called in service centre, because I did not had time to go to do car servicing. Servicing staff came and he took my car and went to service centre for servicing. They completed my car servicing and in evening time, they gave me my car. They gave me good service. I did not see such a service Toyota offered customers. Maruti did not give service like Toyota.	 Care from Staff	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	
Once I had to go outside and also I had to service my car so at that I told one worker of the Sunny Toyota about this then he said me to ok you give us your car still 11 pm and we will deliver it to you around one hour or one and a half hour and give it to you.Then I left my car at 11 pm in the service centre but I did not had any hope that it will get me on time.Thats why I had alreay arranged another facility for my self.When they called me after half an hour saying that my cars service is done and I can take my car,at that time I felt very happy.Then after taking my car only I did my work and this experience was good with the staff.	 Personal Need	 Quick Service	Pick up / Drop	Roadside Assistance	
I was facing shortage of money in buying a Etios Liva car. They helped me arranging the loan. As we are retired person even then they helped for loan arranging. This was a heart touching movement for me.  	 Personal Need	 Issue Resolution	Personal Need	Gift / Free Stuff	
After servicing, when I went to take delivery of the car that time, I was not able to reach over there by 5.00 pm, then they arranged all cash and waited for me till 7.00pm. Their duty time was over then also they were waiting for me that I liked a lot. I come from far.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	Gift / Free Stuff	
The smile pack scheme was heart touching for me.	 Others	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
The rat bite my cars wire. I got to know through the signal that my car gave so immediately I called to service center. They came within 1hrs and serviced my car neatly. This made me to feel happy.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Gift / Free Stuff	
They took photographs at the time of car purchasing and at the time of leaving, they gave us that photos frame to us.    	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Care from Staff	Roadside Assistance	
Once I was going to the temple. Innova vehicle is of 2 type one diesel and second petrol so I ask them to full the tank and they did it but my vehicle is of diesel so I got angry. They said that we will remove and they try to remove even they call to fitter then also didn't happen. Eventually i called up to the staff of Toyota his name was Arun he told me yesterday was DC all the fitter are sleeping then also i will try it . I was already my problem over the phone call. Two people came over there and opened the tank and cleaned up  they fit and went .They help so much even made the call to ask how the vehicle is working. 	 Roadside Assistance	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	
They were just about to close the workshop, I reached  there somehow, they manage to help me out & that time I was helpless but these guys turn the positive approach towards me & they helped me out that was very much delight specially for me.	 Issue Resolution	 Personal Need	Issue Resolution	Detailed Explanation	
Once, me and my friend went to the service center. They attended us very well and it was a sunny day and it was very hot, so they gave us cold drink and some other refreshment to eat. I liked it very much.	 Gift / Free stuff	 Snacks	Personal Need	Others	
In my cars water pump had some problem in it at that time leakage was there. At that time, I had to go Davangiri,then I called to the Ravindu daelership, they came immediately and helped me at the time of emergency. I wanted the car on that day only in emergency, they gave me at that day only and i lked this experience and it was good.	 Personal Need	 Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	Snacks	
After servicing, I park my car but when I try to start it next day it was not starting. I call them, I want to go office they came & start my car I dont have to wait for more time.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Pick up / Drop	Issue Resolution	
During purchasing my car I called the dealership and told them that I would be late. They waited for me till night and the car was delivered at night. It was my good experience	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	
I took my vehicle for servicing and our house is away from Gorakhpur. Toyota people drop us from their own vehicle to home. I told them I will do auto but they told that we will drop you.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Pick up / Drop	Personal Need	Dealer Event	
In last servicing, they done my car servicing. The work shop manager  behavior is very good. I had some problem in claim. Sales people not satisfy them then their managers satisfy them very nicely. He explained point to point thats why I like his behavior.	 Detailed Explanation	 Detailed Explanation	Issue Resolution	Pick up / Drop	
Last month, I visited Fortuner car. I took a test drive but that time, it was raining heavily. For test drive, I had to take short distance. Car was on road, so one staff brought umbrella for me and took me till car. I thought, I would get wet but that staff held and umbrella.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Care from Staff	Quick Service	
One day, when I was going out at that time my car suddenly stopped, then immediately I called the dealership. They told it may be problem of battery. I said to them that, I am coming to the service center, they told me that, they are going to come to my place and they came and checked it. The problem was battery only, they changed it. They personally came to my home and gave service.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
Company asked me for feedback about servicing. I give them feedback then they send me chocolates. So I feel different and nice.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	Snacks	
After servicing the car, when I got my car delivered, I notice that dickey of my car was cracked then I informed the staff of Mahestala about this, then they took me to the servicing area and explained me very well  that what needs to be done solve the problem. I dont know the name of the service staff with whom I had heart touching experience but I think he was a receptionist and another one was like a supervisor of the dealership.	 Detailed Explanation	 Issue Resolution	Detailed Explanation	Care from Staff	
Last time I took road side assistance from Toyota, but they did not provide me the service. So I contacted Toyota customer care who directed me to Okusa Toyota and Okusas relationship manager called me up and she said that their road side assistant  from a third party and shell work from her side to get it done. Toyotas roadside assistance is the third party provider so the Okusa staffs personally got involved and they even contacted the third party service provider and everything and their service manager called me up and they told me to whatsapp the photos of the problems with the car, so I whatsapped them and they said its minor issue and they gave me some temporal solution for which I can resolve the issue and drive it to the service centre. Once I took my vehicle to the service center, the Okusa staffs replaced the part and the issue was solved without help of the road side people. So that was very fast from the side of Okusa staffs. I keep forgetting her name but shes a lady, I cant remember her name exactly, but shes a relationship manager in Okusa Dimapur. She was totally involved in this toll free. I felt very happy that time because she called up, I mean she even got the number of the third party and she talked to them and because I as a customer I cannot talk to the third party directly, but she did it her part because its Toyotas third party, so she gave the number also of the provider but I didnt contact. But then the issue got resolved. I had this experience in just last month, in August. I should say this experience is beyond my expectation because I didnt call the showroom and got connected with the Okusa showroom from toll free number because my car had got an issue, after that the relationship manager form the showroom called me up and got me help and when I took my vehicle to the showroom, they solved the issue.	 Roadside Assistance	 Issue Resolution	Free Service / Discount	Personal Need	
I was not in the town and I have to pay the insurance, thus I have given cheque to dealership agent to pay my insurance due. He helped to pay the insurance due timely. This was not his work but still they did it also given the acknowledgement receipt.	 Personal Need	 Issue Resolution	Personal Need	Care from Staff	
My car gets accident at Aaluva. My car was damaged from dealership 1 car came & take away my car & give after 1 month. They had done the work in the car very nicely.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Pick up / Drop	
Once my vehicle pipeline broke down then I called the service center, they said they don't have computer system I was few mins distance to the service center, so I had visited service center and told the problem but they do'not have the spare part of the vehicle. They had given a guidance and rectified my problem even though their service center time was completed.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	
When I took my car to service centre that time, I left my car in service centre and my family wants to go for shopping, so I told them then they said dont worry, we will drop you over there other companies does not provide such service.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Snacks	
One day the tyre of car got punctured. I called to service center and they came and repaired my car. It is a heart-touching experience to me. 	 Issue Resolution	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Gift / Free Stuff	
On my birthday Anaamalai Madurai dealership called me to the service center and cut the cake, they celebrated my birthday. This is my unforgettable experience.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Care from Staff	Issue Resolution	
My car met with an accident. My car back bumper need to be changed. The dealership serviced my car within 3 days instead of taking 10 days to service the car. This was a good experience from the dealership.	 Issue Resolution	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	
I was having issues in my car head light and I called the dealership, also I couldnt take the car to dealership and after 2 days later they themselves came to my house and took the car for servicing this was good. 	 Pick up / Drop	 Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	Quick Service	
Once, in my car water gone inside, so because of this my car was stopped working then I called on customer care number then customer care people send my car in Uttam Toyota. After that Uttam Toyota people said you have to pay 2.5 lakh for repair a car. In service center there was one person, whose name was Shankar, he given me one suggestion we will scan your car engine. For this they had taken 15,000 Rs charges, then in car which-which parts are damaged after that we will decide then Shankar checked my car engine properly. He told all car engine was proper. Only it is requiring servicing & for this we have to pay 500 to 1000 Rs charges, then they serviced my car properly.                                                                             	 Free Service / Discount	 Issue Resolution	Free Service / Discount	Snacks	
When we reached to the service station in Espirit Rourkela, it was for the first time I took my vehicle for servicing, the staffs gave proper service in time and they did the things on proper timing, so regarding the waiting time, its very good as when I reached the service centre and the vehicle got ready as soon as possible. His name is Mr. Jyoti, who provided me the servicing and I think shes one of the service technicians.	 Others	 Issue Resolution	Care from Staff	Quick Service	
Once my car had a break down at middle of the road, so immediately I called to service center. They came and serviced my car within 1hr.This made me to feel happy.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
My car got off in middle of the traveling. There was a problem like water went in diesel. I called in Irinjalakkuda dealership, then they gave customers care number. When I called on that then within an hour recovery car came and took my car. They repaired car within 2 days, it was good experience.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Quick Service	
My car's stirrings got hard and it creates voice also, hence I showed my car to them, they told your car is under warranty period, so we will charge for it, I felt good that they personally told that, this will beared by our company. I thought that I have to paid charges for that but I didn't had to pay.	 Free Service / Discount	 Issue Resolution	Free Service / Discount	Quick Service	
I went to dealership to buy Etios LIVA not any other cars. Similarly, in other place I went to see Hyundai I10 and Maruti cars but in Toyota dealership when I entered the showroom I felt some different experience in that place. It gives me the feeling that I have entered in abroad like Gulf countries. All the sections there was very great, good responsiveness from the staff thus me and my wife had a very much good experience. They took me all the sections and explained me very clearly. 	 Detailed Explanation	 Detailed Explanation	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
After service completed on next day, my car had a brake down at Nungambakkam. I called to Chennai dealership but they connected Pondicherry dealership. The smoke started coming out from the engine. They told me, if I use the car in traffic then it will be like that only. He told me to off the car and put water inside it and the car started with the help of their guidelines. This was a heart touching experience from the dealership.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Detailed Explanation	
When, I was visited there to take car, it was my birthday they celebrate it. They make good arrangement & cut the cake. They give me surprise gift also. I was very happy.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Dealer Event	Personal Need	
I purchased the car on my birthday. They celebrated my birthday inside the showroom. This was a heart touching experience for me.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Quick Service	
One time my car clutch was damage I tried all number which I have it but it was not connected. Then I found one mobile number from website immediately one lady call me. I told my problem to her. My car was not in working condition then also I feel good that they understand our problem and there are alternate contact them and they pickup and drop.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
At Lanson Toyota Nandanam dealership, they service the car in just 1 hour and deliver it.This made me more happy and unforgettable movement for me.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Roadside Assistance	Detailed Explanation	
Once my car was not working, so I made call in the service centre, They came to me took my car to the company and they serviced it very nicely.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Pick up / Drop	
My car battery was not working in the night and it was 12pm and the car was not starting, so I made a call in the servicing centre. They immediately came to me at 12pm and serviced my car immediately within an hour.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
I was going with my friend in the car to the showroom. In between, the road my friends car stopped working, so I made a call in the showroom and I told them that car is not working, please try to send one car then after that they said there is no driver available right now but after sometimes, they called me and told me where are you we will send one car for your help then after I told them it is ok, sir we only will come to you. I like the way, they were talking with me.	 Roadside Assistance	 Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	
I had given my car for servicing and was not have any alternate car so they provided me car to reach my town.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Issue Resolution	Gift / Free Stuff	
Last year in monsoon, my car got water logged means there was leaking in the car. As a result, the entire carpet was wet, so the service advisor at Lakozy Toyota. The car was under warranty but still Lakozy person ensured and replaced the carpet of my car. The service advisor Mr. Alfred helped me. 	 Care from Staff	 Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	Detailed Explanation	
When I had gone for car booking, they gave proper information in a nice manner, because of that there was no issue. 	 Detailed Explanation	 Issue Resolution	Detailed Explanation	Quick Service	
I had to give my car for servicing and after that I had to go home then they dropped me in bus stand in the car. It is for me heart touching experience because another company not provide such facility.	 Pick up / Drop	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Roadside Assistance	
Once I had horn issues on my car. I took my car and went to dealership. The dealership gave me very quick service and the way of serving the customer I like it. 	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	
I gave my car for servicing at that time, I wanted to go urgently for some other work. I requested them to arrange the car but they dropped me in their own car. This was a very good experience.	 Pick up / Drop	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Quick Service	
When I delivered my car that time they committed the time they delivered before only. Without booking my car whatever they commitment given we received before only, I am very happy for this.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
While I was travelling with my family to city and it was 40 kms distance near Kurnool. My vehicle diesel light was blinking, so I called the service center then they came to us and they had given another vehicle and they took my vehicle for servicing.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Pick up / Drop	
My sister need a car so we visit the dealership but they hadn't available that color which we need but they arranged the same calour in 3 to 4 hours, It was really heart touching for me.	 Quick Service	 Issue Resolution	Quick Service	Personal Need	
I would like to buy grey color car but it is not available there so I called in Globe which is located at Chandigarh. Mr. Gunpreet was there he said me you will get a car and he gave me on time.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Issue Resolution	Care from Staff	
On the way back while driving the car a lamb suddenly came in between the car and we have braking from the long side. Thus there was some loss in my car but after that it was started. We have called up the dealership and they guided us and I said we are in native place. They asked us whether we visit to your place else you come to dealership. Then I said I will send my driver. they care that they show is very good.	 Roadside Assistance	 Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	
When I visited for their car servicing that time one of the staff was help me for parking the car at proper place. They were very well takecar of my car.	 Personal Need	 Quick Service	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
Moment was good at the time of purchase a car. They arranged all material which is required for car worship. I have Tata sumo. I compared both moment at the time of car purchasing.    	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
My brother was waiting at service center and he getting bored, so one of the staff member take him for market in their own car it was very heart touching for me.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Issue Resolution	Gift / Free Stuff	
When I took the car for servicing, at that time they took me for lunch and again dropped me to the dealership.	 Snacks	 Snacks	Pick up / Drop	Gift / Free Stuff	
On the Villupuram road my car had a problem, so called service center they asked me to bring car to the service center. Without any appointment they serviced my car within 45 mins that's a very happy moment for me.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
My car having problem of oil likege it was 7 to 8 oclock at evening. I call them they attend my call and give it to the person who is coming to repair the car. The people come at morning to my home and give me service.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
When, I took it for the first time, only the first vehicle which I bought ,I had gone for the delivery otherwise I have never go for any service. I went the thing was the manager who was there the Japanese person had come to deliver the vehicle ,that was very heart touching ,like the manager himself  comes to deliver it shows that they care for it, always prepaid going lakozy Toyota.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Care from Staff	Others	
Once I was going out for my fathers cancer operation, on the way the car stopped but the service center was 40kms far from my spot but anyhow I reached and the dealership people helped me by giving good and quick service,	 Issue Resolution	 Quick Service	Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	
Once my car was damaged on the road. There was little bit problem in the cars gear. As soon as, I called the staff of the dealership (Sambhalpur), he responded me immediately and told me wherever you are, you dont have to worry, we will do everything by our own. The problem of gear was a minor problem which was solved automatically. The staff of the dealership didnt have to come as the problem was solved automatically but the staff was ready to come. The staff himself communicated with me over phone, he was ready to send mechanic and told me Ill do everything you dont have to worry. At that time the staff responded me very well. Actually at that time cars gear was not working, when I was trying to change the gear of my car, the gear was not working. After that when I called a staff of the dealership, being so much responsible, he told me not to worry as he would do all the arrangements to help me. A kit was stuck inside the engine in front of the gear of my car. As the kit was removed from the car's engine, the gear was automatically started working and there was no major problem in the gear but a staff of the dealership who responded to me was very good. Whenever we have any trouble or we have to face any problem, if we call the staffs of the dealership and if the staffs tells us you dont have to worry, wherever you are, we are sending our staffs. This is a very big thing for us and it is enough for us. I dont know the name and designation of the staff with whom I had communicated over phone. From the dealership a staff called me over phone who look after the work of maintenance, I did not ask his name. The staff told me you just give your cars number I will do everything of your car. The staff told me to give your car number, I will ring you back. Then immediately after checking my cars Bio-data he had ringed me and told me wherever is your car Ill send our mechanic you dont worry.	 Roadside Assistance	 Issue Resolution	Personal Need	Free Service / Discount	
The girls and then the ET, the HRG and all the servicing in-charge of the vehicle are good. On the day we purchased the car though like we have to go and attend the final service but on the day he was chilled with us until still there the car was properly prepared and then properly It can be offered to us. I think that these are the best things that they had done. He was some RJK since Rkeshi like since I have to attend to the final service, so I might appoint some staffs whom bless of me. Even I had come for the final service but he was scared, present with us still the end and then told me we have to the final service because sometimes they provide me service. That was the best thing.	 Personal Need	 Issue Resolution	Personal Need	Detailed Explanation	
Once it was urgent and I had to go to the hospital, in Nandhavanam dealership I told them to give the service immediately, so they serviced my car in one and a half an hour and gave, so because of that I got the appointment on correct time and I went to the hospital so I felt nice about this.	 Quick Service	 Personal Need	Quick Service	Roadside Assistance	
I had problem of bumper but I had shown the bumper problem of all the dealership but Yashoda krishna dealership, they had solved the problem of bumper issue. Person Name: Prasad. Designataion: Customer relationship Manager.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Care from Staff	
Once with my family, I went to Srirangam temple, at that time my car?s battery had got down. The car was not starting, so I called Annamalai Madurai dealership. They passed the information to Annamalai Trichy dealership, so one staff who works over there, he came to my home and changed the battery. It was a good feeling for me.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Detailed Explanation	
In Vilaspur, my car parts was broken then I called on toll free number. They came & bring my car. I get good service I have dont have to do anything, so it was given me good feeling.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
Once I had given my car for servicing then I return back I dont have any vehicle, so they ask me and dropped me till my home. So I feel very happy. This was my Heart touching experience.	 Pick up / Drop	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Quick Service	
Whenever, my wife given vehicle for servicing, they had dropped my wife at home.	 Pick up / Drop	 Pick up / Drop	Personal Need	Pick Up / Drop	
I changed the horn for that I used to go to ATM for payment and I require one staff with me so they send one staff with me for payment ATM was far. It was 3-4 Km far. I made payment to home and I web so that I am not able to visit the center again. This care they provide was good.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Quick Service	
I have to do car servicing but I was unable to go in the service Centre. They personally send one of staff to take my car for servicing and after servicing they drop my car at my house. So that experience was good for me.	 Personal Need	 Pick up / Drop	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
I was going somewhere and suddenly the electric current was not reaching to the engine and my car was stopped on the way So I called the service center and they helped me over the phone it was really heart touching for me.	 Roadside Assistance	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	
When, I went there to bring my car that time. they brought worship material & congratulated me.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Roadside Assistance	Pick up / Drop	
They performed the work on the car very fast and time to time.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Care from Staff	
When, I went for servicing first time, I was not expecting that they will ask for tea. I was in waiting area they ask me for Coffee and Tea which I like it very much. 	 Snacks	 Snacks	Personal Need	Quick Service	
Once when we were going to Mysore, my friend Manju left the car key in the car itself, due to which we were not able to open the door of the car. At that time, we called  Ravindra Toyota, then Ravidra Toyota called the Mysore Ravindra Toyota and Mysore staff called Nandi Toyota company. It was evening time 7 or 7.30 pm, then also they came and removed the key and gave us. They came immediately and attended us. They visited so far to help us for which they charged 1250 rs that we do not mind but they came late in evening to help us that was important for me.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
One time my car tire purchased at Mysore & I dont know to open Stephany then they came & guide me how to open it & they changed the tire also.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Pick up / Drop	
I was in urgent I was in hurry for going village in emergency and I have to do car servicing only the oil change and washing work they made the work properly as I told more than my expectation.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Quick Service	Personal Need	
In last servicing, I given my car for servicing that time I didnt told to  service advisor about my car scratches then also, they painted my car, where scratches occurred is good. This experienced given me good feeling.	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Quick Service	Others	
Once my car stopped working at Nandurbar around 40-50km distance. Their staff reached within half an hour at my spot. They gave me good service. They did my cars work properly. My family was also with me and we were stuck in the village area but they gave me good service.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
I had faced oil leakage problem far from 10 kms from service center, when I had called the service center they had immediately approached me and solved my problem.	 Roadside Assistance	 Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	Detailed Explanation	
Once I was going to canteen and suddenly the oil was finished. I called the service center and they sent a technician for solving the problem. I was not expecting that it can resolve quickly.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Quick Service	
When I visited to service center they give me their motor bike & told me to finish my work, while we are completing the servicing.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Issue Resolution	Care from Staff	
At time of delivering my car it was my birthday. So, they got to know and celebrated my birthday with cake. It was my happy movement.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
Once I went to servicing my car but company car have been drop me on my door step but no other showroom gives this facility.	 Pick up / Drop	 Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	Quick Service	
I called the service center for test driving, then they are come quickly give the car for test driving it is heart touching for me.	 Personal Need	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Personal Need	
One day I am going to dealership it was raining, I did not have my umbrella with me. A dealership staff quickly came to me and held an umbrella over me until I reached my car. This is my Heart touching Experience.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
Its been 20 days, I have purchased my car. I wanted to tow my car from there only. I also went in Ludhiana and over there, I got good response and when I made call to them, they came up me immediately for help. We got our car on the committed time and it was done in insurance we didn't paid any of the money.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Quick Service	Detailed Explanation	
We all returned from Banaras but car was not started even I was press button 4 to 5 times but still car was not started and clutch was slowly pressed, time was around 6.15 to 6.30am in morning then I called and they received the call then they said, don?t worry we help you I will guide you and you will do the same.	 Roadside Assistance	 Issue Resolution	Pick Up / Drop	Roadside Assistance	
It was Sunday, my car has stopped working on road. In that some light was blowing. I called to dealership, it was close because of Sunday, then I called \\""GM\""\"" and requested him. He personally came and called technician and check the car. This thing I liked."	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Issue Resolution	Care from Staff	
Once I had took my car for servicing, so there is one person over there Mr.Lekpal, he is a good person. He always does the work nicely and after servicing, he dropped me from his bike to my home.	 Pick up / Drop	 Care from Staff	Issue Resolution	Personal Need	
After purchasing few day later there was some problem in my car. I went near to service center people and told them take some extra money but repair it properly. So they said we don't want money we will repair your car.Then also I told them take some extra 50rs then also they didn't took it so i thought how they are good i feel very good. Again said that sir i will wash it 2-3 time but i will not take money. I gave them 100rs note but they didn't took which touch to my heart.  	 Issue Resolution	 Issue Resolution	Quick Service	Free Service / Discount	
Dealership staff always remember my birthday and my family sometime forgot but dealership staff send car for me my on birthday and cut the cake and celebrate my birthday.	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Care from Staff	
We planned to purchased Innova car, so we called in Toyota. Before that, I have also one Toyota car then too they told to purchase second one. They explained me features clearly. After that the G.M told me, we will send you car within 10 minutes. I wanted to go to my district in Gondiya & I had less time. My friends were also with me. We waited there for test drive, we didnt know they came or they made us fool but in exact 10 minutes, they came with the car. We thought, they understand our feelings & also take care about it. All those things was given me good feelings.	 Detailed Explanation	 Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	Detailed Explanation	
I took a new crysta and it was on Sunday and I need my car on that day only and there is no work done on Sunday so only one staff came and he deliver my car to me this was an happy movement for me. I never thought that on Sunday also they deliver the car this made me more happy.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Quick Service	Issue Resolution	
I purchased my car on my son's birthday and they celebrate it very well	 Gift / Free Stuff	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Quick Service	
In my car left side mirror was not working properly then I gone to service center after that they repaired my car within 5 to 10mins, that time weather was not proper it was a summer time still he done my work as soon as possible. They told me they will repair my car in one hour not they repaired it within 10 minutes only.	 Quick Service	 Quick Service	Issue Resolution	Roadside Assistance	
While booking they told that will take 3 months for delivery but they delivered within 1 week. This was very happy moment for me by the harsha dealership	 Quick Service	 Personal Need	Quick Service	Pick up / Drop	
I have purchased this Innova 2 years back that time I was having loan till now but still they give me loan for new Innova and give me new Innova model and this was good experience for me. This is good experience that they look customers reputation and even ongoing of old loan they give new loan to customers. 	 Personal Need	 Gift / Free Stuff	Personal Need	Issue Resolution	
Once at home only my car was damaged,I called  cutomer care,so after that the van came from Uttam Toyota and they took my car to the service center for servicing.	 Roadside Assistance	 Roadside Assistance	Personal Need	Pick up / Drop	
I dropped my car because there was more sunlight, they came with an umbrella & drop me at inside because of that the I was escaped from sunlight.	 Personal Need	 Personal Need	Care from Staff	Pick up / Drop	
Once my car met with an accident in Trissur. When I called in Calicut dealership that time Mr. Shyam received my call and at night 9.00 pm, he gave me all instruction about the car. After 3 days, I took car for repairing in Calicut dealership. It was a minor accident. After repairing to take car from dealership, I reached over there and after closing time by 7.00 pm. After the working time also the staff Nizar was waiting for me. As he was waiting for me, he missed the train by which he goes daily. Leaving their own work, they deal, so nicely with customers that thing, I liked a lot. His brother called was coming again and again. He was on the counter for insurance claim and all he only did but I don?t know his posting level. 	 Personal Need	 Issue Resolution	Personal Need	Roadside Assistance	
Once, I didn't take an appointment of my car. I was going to Delhi immediately that time I have to do change my cars oil urgently then they change it and gave me car.	 Personal Need	 Quick Service	Personal Need	Care from Staff	
When I purchased the new car, it was my very good experience and during my car first service, I had a very good experience, whatever I told to them, they completed all the work of my car and they handover the vehicle on tim